W-15287188 send document cv (#355)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.6/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-mulesoft-idp-submit-document-to-mulesoft-idp.adoc

> = Submit Document to MuleSoft IDP 

Reviewer: This heading implies the topic is a task, but it seems to be more reference. Any way to make that more clear?

> Send documents to MuleSoft IDP to process them with your published document actions. Each execution generates an Execution ID that you must use when you run the Retrieve Results from MuleSoft IDP action step to query the results of said execution. 

Reviewer: Flip to put user goal first?

Reviewer: The Retrieve Results (something)(action step?)

Do you need the initial cap here and in Execution ID?

Calls to IDP from RPA Builder consume automation credits per page processed in addition to the bot minutes consumed by the RPA process. See xref:rpa-home::ms-automation-credits-usage-types.adoc[] for conversion rates and usage details. 

== Before You Begin

> Before you begin using this action step, ensure that: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using this action step, ensure that: 
```

> * Your Anypoint user account has the *Build Actions* permission

Reviewer: I think we don't use bold for permissions - just initial cap.

> * Your Anypoint user account has the *Build Actions* permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your Anypoint user account has the Build Actions permission.
```

> * You have IDP document actions published in your organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have IDP document actions published in your organization.
```

Reviewer: (Complete sentences get periods.)

+
See xref:idp::publishing-document-actions.adoc[] for additional information. 

> * You have a Connected App configured to access IDP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have a connected app configured to access IDP.
```

+
See xref:idp::automate-document-processing-with-rpa.adoc[] for configuration instructions. 

== Properties

This action step has no properties other than *Common* and *Timing*. See xref:common-properties.adoc[] for further details. 

== Inbound Variables

* *Directory Path*
+

> Path to the directory where the file to submit is located.

Reviewer: Here, you've dropped the initial article. 

I like this description. Can you use it elsewhere?

Reviewer: Since these descriptions are all incomplete sentences, leave off the period.

* *File Name*
+
Name of the file to submit.
* *Client ID*
+

> Client ID of the Connected App configured to call IDP.

Reviewer: Global: connected app

* *Client Secret*
+
Client Secret of the Connected App configured to call IDP.
* *Connected App Credentials*
+
Pin credentials containing the Client ID and Client Secret of the Connected App configured to call IDP.
* *Execution ID*
+
Execution ID of the document processing operation. 

== Outbound Variables

* *Success*
* *ExecutionID*

[[wizard]]

> == Wizard

Reviewer: Is there anything you can add to the heading to be more descriptive?

Reviewer: Oh! This is the task. Suggest moving this first and renaming it to be a user task and then group all the other topics in a reference section.

> Start by selecting the *Action* and the *Action Version* to call from IDP. These lists populate with the available document actions that your organization has published in IDP. 

Reviewer: Numbered list?

> Start by selecting the *Action* and the *Action Version* to call from IDP. These lists populate with the available document actions that your organization has published in IDP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by selecting the *Action* and the *Action Version* to call from IDP. These lists populate with the available document actions published by your organization in IDP. 
```

Then, specify the *Directory path* and *File name* of the file to submit to IDP for processing with the selected document action. 

> Finally, specify the connected app credentials to use when connecting to IDP. You can use Pin credentials that you have previously configured or you can specify the *Client ID* and *Client Secret* manually in the wizard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, specify the connected app credentials to use when connecting to IDP.  Either use the previously configured Pin credentials or specify the *Client ID* and *Client Secret* manually in the wizard. 
```

Reviewer: Should "Pin" be PIN?
